(announcer)
Previously on "Ex on the Beach,"
ten incredibly single
and available reality stars
are looking for love
while living with their exes.
Jozea and his ex Rob had an
emotional reunion at the beach.
Are you about to cry?
Aww!
(announcer)
Farrah wouldn't let
Nurys and Darian
have a private conversation.
I don't know why the (bleep)
you're coming out here.
(announcer)
So Farrah kicked her
in the privates.
And Nurys tried to get
all the exes
to vote out Farrah
in the flipped elimination
when the exes got the power
to vote out one of the singles.
And tonight,
Corey's also in the hot seat
after trying to get in the way
of Morgan and Jay's
relationship.
So now him and Farrah are both
in fear of elimination,
and one of them is going home.
♪♪
(thunder rumbling)
♪ Who knew that
the devil wore red? ♪
♪ Silk dress, yeah,
she always is a mess ♪
♪ She more petty
than the rest ♪
♪ Heartbreaker... ♪♪
(announcer)
Welcome back.
It's elimination night,
and this time, the exes are
the ones voting out a single
by giving them either
a crush vote or a cut vote.
Nelson put his crush
in Janelle's pineapple
as a way to thank her
for taking the high road
after her fight with Diandra.
Darian tried to take credit
for it until he got called out.
I don't think he's the one that
put that crush vote in there.
Oh!
(announcer)
But with Corey and Farrah
on the chopping block,
which single
is being sent home?
Corey, you have
two cut votes.
(Corey)
(bleep) two cut votes?
There's a good chance
that I'm going home tonight.
I've, like, kind of closed
the chapters with my exes,
but I'd like to stick around,
you know, maybe find love.
All right, you ready
to get to it?
Yeah.
I do have to stay hopeful,
but Nurys and Diandra,
you suck, you're fake,
(bleep) you.
Sorry, and that's how
the (bleep) I feel.
I'm happy I came in here
for a therapy session today
since I can't get
my therapist here.
(announcer)
Well, Farrah,
if you survive elimination,
we're gonna have to start
charging you by the hour.
First one.
Cut vote.
Second one.
Crush vote.
I appreciate that.
So your crush vote
cancels out your cut vote.
Another chip.
It's a cut, which means
you have one cut vote.
You got another one.
It's a cut, which means you have
two cut votes.
You are now tied with Corey.
You got one more chip.
♪♪
It's a cut vote.
Which means your time here
has come to an end.
Bye-bye, Farrah.
I'll be seeing some
of you at the beach.
Go have fun.
I went into elimination thinking
that I was gonna be out
of the house by now.
I'm pretty happy to be here.
I'm ready to move on,
fall in love, and date.
All right, y'all, I'm out.
Y'all have a good night.
I hope you guys
enjoy your time.
Judging by the look
on Nurys's face and Didi's face,
I'm just like, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You guys really think
that you're gonna have
the power indefinitely?
So I'm just taking notes,
so when it comes back our turn,
and they wonder why they got
a cut from me, that's why.
You don't deserve
to find love.
(Cheyenne)
Tonight's elimination
made me sad.
Farrah's grown on me in a way
that I could've never expected.
You are not significant!
I didn't act (bleep) ratchet!
Don't talk about me
being a (bleep) mom!
Get the (bleep) out
of my (bleep)--
Okay.
Go up to your room...
Shut the (bleep) up!
...and stop.
Away from this show?
Go up to your room.
You're so (bleep) up.
Farrah, you're like
the biggest piece
of (bleep), literally,
on planet Earth.
In need of a hug.
Hey.
Oh, my God, Farrah!
Oh, Farrah!
Farrah's giving a hug!
(Chad)
Honestly, she's probably
learned her lesson.
Like, you can't go
kicking girls in the vagina.
Overall, it makes me happy...
seeing some of my friends
really get to experience love,
and I am ready
for my next phase in life
and attracting
the most amazing man for me.
The future is very bright.
I'm living my best life
every day.
♪♪
We got her out!
We got her out, bitch!
We got you out!
Don't call me a hooker
when you're a porn star.
And don't kick me
in the vagina.
Now you guys see
what happens to bullies.
Snip-snip, bitch.
I don't know how
to pop this (bleep).
Shake it, bitch!
Okay, that's it.
Oh, (bleep).
(both)
Bye, Farrah.
See you never.
(laughing)
(slurping)
(cork pops)
(cheering)
I'm honestly sad
that Farrah had to go.
After all, I know that that was
one girl in the house
that had me and Janelle's back.
So at this point, it's obvious
that Diandra needs to go home,
and while you're at it,
take your little girlfriend
Nurys with you.
Cheers!
Shot time.
Gotta celebrate.
Come on, my dude.
You know that (bleep)
was corny, bro.
You know it.
What was corny?
Why'd you put a crush
in her (bleep)?
She's the only woman that came
into this house and said,
"Look, Diandra,
I apologize."
I should've never
put my hands
on you or him.
You know, like, I should
conduct myself better
just as a human being,
so I apologize.
I just feel like
that's a scared vote.
A scared of what?
To actually make a stand.
A stand for what?
You threw your vote away.
Where am I standing?
You threw your vote.
I stood for what I wanted.
You want Janelle?
No, I don't want Janelle.
Okay.
So then why'd you
vote for her?
Exactly what I said.
I can't stand Nelson.
I believe Nelson's reasoning
was to get him back
in good graces with Janelle.
And as soon as he saw
that me and her were rocky,
it was his time
to weasel in.
You're a beta, my G!
You're actually a beta.
(Janelle)
Why are you guys arguing?
You thought this was
gonna help your chance
with her.
Darian, you're the one saying
that you wanna (bleep) be
with me,
and you're not using the power
to crush for me.
Darian, you have no right
to be upset with another man
for doing what you
were supposed to do.
I am pissed because he was gonna
just accept the ass
I was going to give him and,
like, not tell me the truth.
You came here
to rekindle fire with her?
Immediately when I came
in the house--
No, no!
Shut the (bleep) up!
You're done talking.
You're not gonna tell me
to shut the (bleep) up.
You're done talking, bro.
You can't even put a crush
in your girl's thing.
What did you
come here for?
Volume control.
What?
Everyone's gonna be all upset
and the whole house
is gonna suck tomorrow,
and I just don't want any part
of any of this situation.
I mean, I do kind of want
to, like, watch it,
but I don't want
to be involved.
(announcer)
What's that, Chad?
When did you become
the voice of reason?
(Malcom)
You know what I want
to tell you, straight up?
Like, as much as I care about
Nurys and Diandra as friends,
they don't last,
one getting tossed,
that's not my problem,
that's not my fault,
and it's not my concern.
They're grown-ass women.
At the end of the day,
you're my number-one priority.
I wanna make it work with you.
You're bae, you feel me?
So at the end of the day,
I'm gon' be good regardless.
Me and Malcolm are building
a friendship,
as well as, you know,
being lovers.
So I like what he's saying,
but I still feel like Malcolm
has to prove his loyalty to me
to be my king.
I feel like I'm very mature
and I'm not unbothered
by you hanging out
with your exes
and being cool with them
and y'all doing y'all thing.
Like, I don't mind 'cause
I-I trust you, in a sense.
You know what I mean?
And if you (bleep) up,
then we're gonna deal
with that,
but I don't feel like
you're dumb enough to do it.
(announcer)
Whatever you say, Maya.
Sometimes it's easier
just to agree.
♪ Like a red black,
cardiac kill a fella ♪
♪ I got that white hot
can't stop interstella ♪
♪ I'll make you blast off
one shot straight to heaven ♪
♪ Hey yeah, hey yeah, whoo ♪
♪ Fast place embrace
secret weapon ♪
♪ I'm talking nitro, pass go,
engines revving ♪
♪ Up on the high horse,
turn it up to 11 ♪
♪ Hey yeah, hey yeah ♪♪
Baby!
I'm the head
of marketing.
Thank you.
What the (bleep)?
You're welcome.
It's probably not that
flavorful, but it's healthy.
I'll eat a bowl.
So...
Rob and Jozea, like,
they're, like,
the Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
of the house.
Like, everyone looks up to them.
They're so perfect.
They never really fight,
and I'm a bit jealous.
(announcer)
And we all know great
that turned out.
Oh, my gosh.
Towards the end of this,
I wanna...
We'll sit down
and talk again.
Yeah.
About...
Me and Rob are like, you know,
the perfect little couple.
He cooks for me.
I wake up in the morning.
We're loving each other,
we're having fun,
but me and Rob's biggest issue
was I felt like
he never had time for me,
so we have to figure out
if it's gonna last
for a long run.
That salad was amazing.
♪ I wanna know what
you're hiding from ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm waking up
to vacant love ♪
♪ And I'm too tired
of making up ♪
♪ For this vacant love ♪♪
(electric shaver buzzing)
The way you
behaved yesterday
was embarrassing
and humiliating.
I'm...
(Darian)
All right, so you're done?
(Janelle)
Bitch, I might be.
All right, exactly,
you can't even give
a real answer.
And you get mad when
I do give real answers.
Bitch, I might be.
All right, whatever.
We'll see.
I'm not one to beat
a dead horse.
I can only apologize
so many times.
I still don't know if it's truly
that she wants to be with me
or she just doesn't want to see
me with someone else before her.
Like, you're the only one
that's still trying to fight.
Oh, because you kissed
a (bleep) and you still don't
even think that's a problem.
Because I didn't put
a crush in your thing.
You are tempting though.
I definitely, uh--
I could've voted
for you, right?
You're right, but the person
I voted went home.
I'm so glad that meant
more to you than me.
At the end of the day, Darian,
you have no right to be upset
with another man for doing
what you were supposed to do.
Had you crushed me,
it wouldn't have mattered
if Nelson crushed me.
Like, I would've just been happy
that it was you.
Maybe he will finally understand
what it's like
when the person that you love
doesn't have your back.
It doesn't feel good
when you feel like the person
that you're supposed to love
is (bleep) with people
that you have
a problem with.
That's why I feel like
I can't get back with you.
Okay, well, I'm still
going to work on us
getting back together.
I haven't seen (bleep),
Darian.
I'll bring you food,
bring you breakfast.
I'm doing that (bleep)
not because I'm told
or anything,
because I'm really
thinking about you.
(alarm sounding)
I know but there
was literally--
(bleep)!
Oh, (bleep)!
No!
(alarm continues)
(overlapping groaning)
(bleep).
(all exclaiming)
(all cheering)
(bleep)!
(all exclaiming)
We're all going!
Everybody is.
Oh, my God.
It's all of us.
(Jozea)
It's all the singles.
What's about to happen?
'Cause this has
never happened before.
That's (bleep) up.
(Chad)
I feel everyone's gonna get
an ex at this point.
Or maybe it's a yacht party.
I'm cool with that.
God, we're all going.
What does that mean?
Please be a yacht party.
(all exclaiming)
What the...?
Oh, (bleep).
That means a storm coming.
Something about to happen.
Jesus Christ.
(bleep) about to go down.
We are all (bleep).
What the hell?
♪♪
All the singles
are on the beach,
and that means everybody
is getting screwed.
But, um, I'm with Maya,
and I'ma let my exes know that
soon as they come out
of that damn ocean.
Listen, I haven't worked
(bleep) out with my current ex.
I damn sure cannot deal
with another one right now.
(Nicole)
Worst-case scenario?
Uh, Chad gets an ex that wants
to get back with him.
Then I have to punch her
in the crotch.
Like, taking notes from Farrah.
Surprise, surprise,
singles.
Welcome to the beach, baby.
(cheers and applause)
Now y'all probably
wondering why
all of y'all at the beach
together, right?
I'm bringing an ex
for all of y'all today.
Lord Jesus Christ!
I'm just messing
with you right now.
Come on, come on.
But you never know
what happens on
"Ex on the Beach."
Some of you may find new love,
rekindle with an old love,
or just say, "(bleep) love."
Now you're all here
to find out once and for all
if you could ever, ever,
ever truly get over your ex.
Some of y'all look
a little nervous.
Now y'all know by now we never
know who's gonna wash up here.
Are y'all ready?
Hell yeah.
Let's do it.
Let's bring
the first ex out.
♪♪
I'm a little bit scared
that today's my day just because
of the fact that, like, I got
a good thing going on, you know?
♪♪
♪ Who wanna play?
Who wanna play? ♪
♪ Ready to take it, shake it
and bake it  andale... ♪♪
That's mine.
Oh, (bleep).
(JD)
Name's JD.
I'm here to see my ex Maya.
I'm an NFL football player.
A defensive back.
I played for
the Cleveland Browns last year.
Me and Maya were together
for about a year.
We grew up together.
She took me to prom
when I was a sophomore
in high school.
But Maya cheated on me
with one guy,
and she was entertaining other
guys who were calling her phone.
I'm looking for my own
love story, my own happy ending.
I'm here to find out what
went wrong
in our relationship
so I can move on.
(Romeo)
Everybody, welcome JD,
Maya's ex.
What's going on, man?
How you doing?
(applause)
What's up?
I kind of expected
an ex to come today
just because me
and Malcolm are good.
I'm happy and I just pray
that JD doesn't do
the same thing
that Kareem did.
What's it like to see Maya
after all this time?
Well, she look amazing.
I'm sorry, sis.
You got a type.
(laughter)
News flash!
If anybody out there
is tall, dark, has tattoos,
you might have a chance
with Maya.
(Romeo)
Why did you decide
to come here, JD?
Well, we kind of left things,
you know, pretty abruptly,
you know, with our situation
in our relationship,
so I kinda just wanna
figure out, you know,
what went wrong.
(Malcom)
Maya ex don't scare me.
Well, you know,
he got a little stomach tats,
you know, a little lips
up his chest.
I got lips on my neck.
We just gotta get him out
as quick as possible.
I think y'all definitely,
y'all need to catch up.
So, JD, go have
a seat over there.
We're gon' let y'all
catch up in a minute.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, come on.
(Romeo)
So here's the news, y'all.
That's all the exes
we have for now.
That's it.
Whoo! I am overwhelmed
with how relieved I feel.
I got no exes at the beach
today-- Thank God.
Now, I told y'all not
to get too comfortable.
Since Farrah's gone,
there's room to put
a new single in the house.
Which means they will not
be up for elimination.
Oh, my God!
Oh, (bleep), come on!
(Jozea)
Oh, (bleep).
There's another single
coming into this house.
Like, our mind is blown
right now at this moment.
Hey, you know what?
Who better than
the queen of the beach?
♪♪
♪ Step aside,
here comes trouble... ♪
Oh, (bleep)!
♪ Taking names ♪
♪ Skrrt skrrt
on the double ♪
My name is Angela.
I am back, bitches!
♪ Let me tell you
little something 'bout ♪
♪ Me me me ♪
(Angela)
The first time you ever saw me
was on "Bad Girls Club."
But you definitely know me
from "Ex on the Beach"
Season One.
I'm here to save these boys
from lame girls
in this house.
The other girls
are gonna be sick.
Hand them some Pepto
because they're gonna
have diarrhea, okay?
They're not gonna be happy.
I don't know what's going on
in that house,
but it's definitely
not this, okay?
So, don't act surprised
when I snatch up
your man, okay?
I am going to hit this house up
and shake it down.
Like, these people have
no idea what they're in for.
Kind of feel bad for them,
but I'm coming through.
Hurricane Angela.
♪♪
When I see Angela, I can only
think of one thing,
and that's drama.
Hello!
To see you, Ro!
What's going on?
Angela, it's good
to see you.
Good to see you!
Why did you decide
to come back?
I'm here to save all these
fine-ass gentlemen,
from these ladies,
okay?
Wow, save 'em!
Hell, yeah.
I think Angela's
super freakin' hot.
Like, I need a brunette chick
in my life. I'm excited.
Bad Girl through
and through right here.
Sit right here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
you good.
(Romeo)
Now that Angela's here,
we have new number
of singles.
The power
reverts to you.
(all cheering)
Use it wisely.
Welcome, Angela.
To Malibu, baby!
(cheering and applause)
Girl Code does not exist
for me this season.
I'm here to find love.
I'm not here to make friends.
So, I'm gonna have
a hard time
picking which one I want.
Because I will have
the pick of the house.
Trust that.
Welcome, Angela,
to Malibu, baby!
(cheering and applause)
I'll see y'all later.
(announcer)
Before heading back to house,
Maya takes a stroll
with her long lost ex, JD.
I really wanna talk
to you, you know,
about what happened.
You know, like,
how it ended and what
went wrong, you know.
Yeah.
I just hope that it's
a better experience
than my last ex,
because that was
very problematic,
and I kind of feel
like him coming here
made it worse.
My teammate told me
she has something
that was incurable.
Get the (bleep) off!
'Cause you (bleep) crazy!
Bitch, you only relevant
'cause of me!
Kareem just really hurt me,
because I just never
expected an ex
to come here
and do what he did.
So, with JD I'm just
walking on eggshells
and praying that JD just
doesn't do the same thing.
Me, I just feel like
I was in competition,
'cause, you know,
you were entertaining
other guys.
They were just
always there, you know.
And it just made things
a lot harder than what,
you know, it-- it should've
been, you know, for us, anyway.
I was being
a player, I guess.
I wouldn't say a cheater,
but I would say a player.
And I kind of thought
that you were doing
the same thing.
After all, you are
an athlete, and I
dated my share...
See...
and I know
how they are?
Yeah, but we not
all like that.
And I feel like
if I had all that
I needed in a man,
I wouldn't
have to, you know,
entertain anybody.
Oh, so I was lacking.
In some areas, yeah.
We could've had
this conversation,
you know, a long time ago.
I think I could
communicate things better.
So, I'm starting now
by saying I do have
something with Malcom.
And I feel like
we let my last ex
get in-between us,
so I hope you will
respect what we have
and not try
to interject in that.
I'm not really sure where
her relationship's gonna go
with, you know, her new
little boo or whatever.
But for me
and our friendship,
or potentially a relationship
if it goes that way,
I have to be the one
to come in and take charge,
just seeing where it goes.
Even if we don't reconcile
into a relationship,
we can at least
establish a friendship.
Oh, yeah.
If you happen to,
you know, like what
you see in the house,
you have my permission.
So, I need your permission?
Yeah, of course,
you need my permission.
Until I say so, so...
There's just a lot of things
that I feel like
need to be figured out before
he tries to get to
know someone else,
because, after all,
it's been four years.
There's a lot
of unanswered questions,
so I do feel like
we need that time.
Well, I guess maybe
we should go back
and join them,
and I'll have you meet
all my singles.
Yep.
♪ Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh ♪
♪ You're no good for me ♪
Nothing good is
coming back with them.
I think it's
gonna be a spin
that none of us even
have any idea of.
Maybe all their exes
come at the same time
and (bleep) it up.
Of course, right?
Imagine?
That would suck!
(Darian)
I just know a lot of (bleep)
gonna pop off
when they come back.
It's not gonna be good.
♪♪
The queen bitch
in the building!
(Cheyenne)
So we're no longer nine,
now we're ten.
Hi.
(Nurys)
I know Angela's rep.
I think she is a Bad Girl.
I know that she's strong,
just like Diandra and I,
and I know she's
not easily manipulated.
So, I think
some of the girls here
should be a little worried.
Maybe we'll finally
have an O.G. on our side.
What's up?
Oh!
Whoa!
So, when Janelle walks in
and kisses me,
I'm taken back,
because when she left,
we weren't
on the same page at all.
Everyone, this is our new
but original O.G., Angela.
So, clap, clap!
(applause)
Any questions?
(Angela)
Whatta y'all wanna know?
Angela, are you
single now?
Yes, I'm single.
I'm just saying!
I'm just asking!
I met her on "The Challenge."
You know, we always flirted.
I'm not saying
I'm looking for love,
but maybe we could continue
things, but we'll see.
Are you coming to
this house to be single
and find love here,
or you hoping to
rekindle something
with an ex coming
through the door?
No, ex of mine is getting
any of my attention.
Come on
No, no, no, no, no, no!
You have no idea
what happened with Tor'i.
(Angela)
As soon as we left paradise,
that's when me
and Tor'i's paradise ended.
The first time around
when I was asked about
what I was looking for
in a guy,
I talked about his smile
and how jacked he was,
but I really should've
been asking for a guy
with a good credit score,
because that's what Tor'i
was definitely lacking.
I was on "The Challenge"
with you, and you know
I did some things.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
I came home, and my ex,
like, wiped out
my bank account.
Like, he took everything
from me while he was gone.
So, he owes me money.
Damn, that's (bleep) up.
Yeah, so I mean...
Tor'i who?
I don't know who that is.
I mean, as far
as I'm concerned,
he lost the apostrophe
to his name.
He can be Tori from now on
'cause he's a bitch... heh heh.
He would be up for grabs,
if he walks through
those doors.
I mean, you'll have to
pay for his toilet paper.
and to wipe his
(bleep) ass.
I love this one
already, (bleep)!
Hey, let's turn up.
♪ Pace yourself,
brace yourself ♪
♪ Things about to get wild ♪
♪ Relax yourself,
release yourself ♪
♪ Things about to get wild,
things about to get wild ♪
♪ Things about to get wild ♪
♪ Hey-ey-ey-ey ♪
I'm coming in
halfway now.
Yeah.
So, everybody has
their connections.
Everybody has their
things going on.
You know, it's like I'm
coming in, and it's like,
all right, do I have to
snatch somebody's man
to find love around here?
Like, what the (bleep)?
I'm coming in
later in the game,
so I know that there's
gonna be relationships
that have already formed,
but honestly, I don't care.
Anybody's game at this point.
So, who's your ex?
Morgan is my ex.
It seems like
she really likes Jay.
I'm cuter than her, right?
Yeah.
Great.
That's all that matters.
What the (bleep).
Duh!
So, are you open
to meeting you new people?
Oh, absolutely.
I've been single for a year.
Angela, hey... Hey!
Heh!
I mean, she's
pretty good looking.
Now that me and Morgan
are kind of
on the cools a little bit,
that's gonna be
a temptation for sure.
I don't mean
to cut you off,
but I'm Darian.
Nice to meet you.
Angela.
I see this little cutie
come up behind me.
Kind of just
introduce himself to me,
but then walks away.
Like, I'm not used to that.
I know that Darian
is Janelle's ex,
but I definitely have
my eye on him.
(announcer)
Be careful, Angela.
Janelle does not
like to share.
(alarm blaring)
Oh!
Whoo-hoo!
(Angela)
(bleep), I'm not reading it.
That can't be.
Please don't be my ex,
please don't be my ex.
Everybody downstairs!
"Once a queen,
always a queen.
"But who will be
your king?
"Angela, pick someone
to steal away
on a first date."
(all hooting
and cheering)
Ooh, that is spicy!
You better not pick Chad,
'cause he ain't
going regardless.
I think that she should
pick, like, Monte
or Nelson.
Enney, meanney,
miney, moe.
Well, I got to talk
to a few of the guys,
except for... you.
Yep.
So I wanna pick you.
All right.
(bleep!)
I kissed Darian as soon
as I got back from the beach.
Um, bitch, did you not see me
marking my territory?
Oh, (bleep)!
(Angela)
Janelle is gonna feel
some type of way.
if I take Darian out,
but I don't care.
I'm not here to make friends.
I'm here to find love.
So, oh, well.
That's my man, girl.
So tread lightly
just a little bit.
Okay, well see.
Oh, Lord.
Well, um...
Karma really is a bitch.
Holy (bleep).
Oh, (bleep)!
This is gonna be
the best fight ever.
Please go on the date.
Please kiss her, Darian.
Please, please,
please, please.
Screw up again, screw up again,
screw up again.
Oh, my God, Janelle.
(Rob)
She don't give a (bleep).
(announcer)
Welcome back.
A house can't function
without its queen.
Or maybe that's a bees' nest
I'm thinking of.
Either way, Farrah's gone
and Angela's replaced her,
and she's already
taking her pick of eligible
and not
so eligible bachelors.
I think we should toast
to new beginnings.
This is a new experience,
you know, so new beginnings.
Yeah, yeah.
And being single. Cheers.
(both laughing)
You slick.
Snuck that in there.
Yeah, you slick.
Mmm.
This will be the test,
though, for him, of course.
I do think he's
going to pass.
I'm 1000% sure
he's going to pass.
I believe it, I do.
Darian is dumb enough
to (bleep) up.
I mean, Darian already made
a mistake by kissing Diandra,
and I wouldn't be surprised
if he does it again.
I swear to you right now
I'm very clam.
(announcer)
Yeah, Janelle, we've
seen you when you're "calm."
I know you can't see it,
but I just air quotes
around "calm."
(man)
Janelle, no!
(bleep) (bleep)!
You gonna kiss her?
No, I'm calm,
and I, like--
And you know I'm not--
You're making me want to,
and I'm trying to be calm.
Well, we're gonna
use our words.
(Angela)
This is really nice.
Yeah, absolutely.
And romantic.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you definitely
set the vibe on it.
As soon as you walked in,
I feel like everyone's
energy went up.
So...
Really?
It seems like you have
a lot to offer.
I think this is like
the first time
I actually, like,
put myself out there
with somebody.
Yeah.
Honestly, 'cause...
I'm the type of girl
that I wait until
somebody approaches me.
You are my type for real.
Am I blushing?
Just a little bit.
I feel like I'm blushing.
Angela, she's beautiful,
her body is very sexy,
and I already know
hat she has that fiery side,
which I'm attracted to.
I'm not trying to
rush into anything,
but at the same time
I need to know that
you're open to it,
'cause if you're not...
Mm-hmm.
then there's--
I have to, like,
obviously, I have to
move on, you know?
Right.
And I'm definitely
open to it.
I just want that full clarity
with Janelle first.
I feel like there's
something there with Darian,
but there's also a wall up
on his part,
but I think it's because
Janelle is only
a few feet away
in the house,
and I don't know
what she'll do
as soon as he walked back in
but it's not my problem.
You are letting me down!
How am I letting you down?
I wish Janelle wasn't here.
'Cause I know she's
holding you back.
If me and you hit
it off more,
than that's what
I'm willing to go with.
You promise?
But... Absolutely.
It ain't that
I don't want to.
It's just the fact
that I feel like
honestly I need to
see who's gonna be
the best person
for me outside this house
as well as inside.
Yeah, yeah, I get that.
As much as I want to
put my all
into this date
with Angela, I couldn't,
because I'm interested
in rekindling
my relationship
with Janelle.
But if me and Janelle
don't work out,
I'm gonna go for Angela.
(Morgan)
Hello, welcome back!
Hey-o!
Come tell us what happened.
What happened, what happened?
Holler at us.
Oh, we just got
to know each other.
Like, she real cool.
Uh, I ain't gonna lie.
Like, we were hitting it
off definitely, I feel like.
Yeah.
Hitting what off?
Conversation-wise.
Oh, okay, great.
I definitely told her
about me and you.
She respected that 100%.
There's my girl.
I don't think so.
I don't believe him.
I just-- I don't know.
Just the vibe.
I just don't believe him.
I feel like there's a lot more
than what he's telling us.
Y'all good?
(laughter)
Wait, but you said
that you were single.
I am single.
We are single.
Just checking.
(announcer)
Now, let's go to Chad with
the drama forecast... Chad?
There's 110% chance that some
(bleep) stuff is gonna happen.
I really wanna go bed tonight.
I'm tired.
But at the same time,
I kind of wanna watch
Janelle's fight.
(Nurys)
I'm over here just laughing
because the more mad and mad
and mad Janelle's getting,
she's gonna snap.
(announcer)
Coming up...
Who-- who said I'm
the (bleep) of the house?
That's what you called me?
It seems like it.
Oh, it seems like it, how?
How?
You can bump me all you want.
I'll bump you right back.
No, don't touch
my face, bitch.
(announcer)
Welcome back.
Angela's back, and she's
making herself right at home.
(Darian)
You all right?
Well, she was definitely
saying that she was
interested in me,
and I said that,
you know, if--
if me and you didn't work out
or anything like that,
I'd be open to
explore possibilities.
You'd be open to that?
I'm being honest with you.
Ain't nothing happen.
I know nothing happened.
It's fine.
I'm not going to...
get upset until
I have a reason to be.
I'm just getting
this weird vibe from her.
Because now
there's competition.
Now there's two Bad Girls.
I walked in the house.
I opened the door,
and they were all like,
Who? Give me names.
Maya, Jozea, and Janelle.
Them three.
Them three, they're the mean
girls in the house.
That makes me
(bleep) mad.
They're scared
of competition.
(Angela)
I am the queen bee
of this house,
and everybody else needs
to understand that, too.
The mean girls
better watch it,
because I'm not the one
to play with.
I don't like
that bullying (bleep).
No, exactly.
(insects chirping)
(laughing)
Oh, my God!
This is the cutest
you've ever looked.
No offense.
Jozea and I get to throw
animal party
for the entire house,
and I'm always up
for an excuse to get
dressed up,
especially in
dragon jammies.
Yeah!
Because I named my penis
Little Reptar
after "Rugrats."
He's a baby monster
that, like,
runs around
and terrorizes everything.
All right, you guys ready
for the (bleep)
animal costume party?
(all cheering)
Yes!
Nelson, you are a skunk.
Aww!
Maya, you are
a (bleep) lioness.
Whoo!
(laughter)
That's an ugly-ass
baby y'all about to make.
(laughter)
Morgan, you are
the house bunny.
Yes!
(cheering and applause)
(announcer)
High above
the treetops of Malibu--
Wait, let's start that over.
(dramatic voice)
High above the treetops
of Malibu is a habitat.
(animals calling)
Animals gather
from far and wide
to socialize, mate,
and dance on the couch.
Watch as this
common tree frog
climbs to the top
of the canopy,
where he can keep a watchful
eye on his mate,
the majestic bunny.
Some connect by dancing.
Others dance as a form
of seduction.
Take this twerking cheetah
for example.
He found his mate.
And just south
of the living room,
we're witnessing
for the first time on camera
a full-grown shark
take down a helpless giraffe.
The cow and elephant
watch on helplessly
as the tree frog steals their
one chance at procreation.
As the wolf and monkey grind,
a predator lurks
in the distance.
Janelle has been giving me
the (bleep) evil eye.
(tiger roaring)
But that's 'cause you
came down lookin' like
a sexy-ass little monkey.
You definitely did.
(announcer)
This watchful tigress
keeps her eyes
on the dominant female.
(tiger roaring)
A penguin arrives,
all the way from Antarctica.
Even though penguins
can't fly.
(laughter)
Isn't he the cutest
penguin ever?
What a penguin!
(laughter)
Designer fins only!
(announcer)
Nature. Isn't she beautiful?
You can't milk a cheetah.
Get off of me.
No?
Jozea is quite a handful
when he's drunk.
When he's wasted, I have to
take care of him.
Baby!
And sometimes it bothers me.
We're making drinks.
And also, do you wanna
just take shots?
Yes, come on, pour some
barbecue sauce on me,
mother(bleep)!
♪♪
Eww!
Done, done!
That's so much!
So, Rob says, you know,
"I'm gonna make you
a cocktail."
So, I waited on top of
the bar like a (bleep) idiot,
and 45 minutes pass by
and there's no cocktail.
One, two, three, shoot!
(Jay and Rob)
Oh! I won,
I won, I won!
Get out of the way!
Can you go get--
I mean, a club soda,
vodka, whatever the hell.
Just bring me something.
I'm thirsty.
Two, one, go!
Come on!
I invested a lot on these,
so I'm like I'm just trying to
give everyone a little snack.
You don't buy a Ferrari
and keep it in the garage.
If you know
what I'm saying.
Hey, Jozea, wants
his drink 20 minutes ago.
Oh, he's mad at me.
He's looking for you.
Come to find out
he's in the damn kitchen
licking barbecue sauce
off of Morgan's boobs,
and then he made out
with her... and Diandra.
(announcer)
Are we sure Rob
is Jozea's boyfriend
and not Jozea's waiter?
♪♪
(Jozea)
I asked you to get me
a (bleep) drink,
and then you walk away.
I'm thinking
you're gonna bring
a (bleep) drink back.
Everybody leaves
the (bleep) bar.
I perched my ass
on the (bleep) bar
here looking like
a mother(bleep) feline
for no damn (bleep)
fool-ass reasoning,
and I wait 30 minutes.
Damn, Jozea,
what else do you need?
Like, what else
can Rob do for you?
Someone give Rob a nap
'cause I truly don't know
how he keeps up
with Jozea.
But he was more worried
about partying in
the kitchen with people.
But you know how stupid
I look on the (bleep)
bar, right?
(announcer)
Uh, yeah, actually,
Jozea, all all know.
I was perched
like a (bleep) feline.
The same thing that's
happening in this house
has happened outside
of this house,
which has been a big problem
between our relationship,
why we haven't been able
to connect.
I would reach out to him,
and then he will tell me,
"Oh, I have to do this,
I have to do that,"
so always, like, shoot me off.
And I was always the one
for ten years
always chasing him,
and he would never give me
the time of day,
only when it would felt
comfortable for him to do so.
So all this (bleep)
raises a red flag.
I have made you
salads, salmon...
And you have.
meals, breakfast, coffee
every (bleep) day.
And you have.
Now I'm feeling like all of
the things that I'm doing
were just kind of bypassed.
I feel really unappreciated.
Like, if I have to
bring something up
that I did that was nice,
then it's not nice anymore.
It's me listing it
like an ass(bleep).
(announcer)
Jozea, the world's most
high maintenance cheetah,
is trying to reconcile
with his ex, Rob,
who didn't serve
his drink on time.
(Rob sobbing)
Baby, baby, baby.
Please, please, please.
It's so stupid!
And now Rob's crying
crocodile tears.
Me and Rob, we have
a lot of things
that we just don't see
eye to eye on.
For example, he would rather
take care of his new friends
versus thinking back--
in the back of your head,
like, okay, if I do this for
these people that I just met
is it gonna have a cause and
effect situation with Jozea?
When you tell me
that you didn't do
this one thing for me
and I did all
of these things for you,
and now I feel like
all of those things
are not a favor
or something nice anymore.
Now that's
just blackmail.
Right now, Rob and Jozea
are like the strongest
relationship in the house,
but I kind of feel bad
for my boy, man.
Jozea, don't be so hard
on him, man,
just because he didn't make you
a drink on time.
You know, appreciate what
you got in front of you,
because Rob is honestly
probably the best thing
that's every happened to him.
Yeah, I made it petty
and I made it bigger
than what it should've been,
but I am here
and you are here,
and I love you
and you love me.
And that's
all that matters.
I'm just like--
I'm so confused,
'cause for me it's like
I feel that me and Rob
we have differences
of our opinions.
And this has been a struggle
between me and him
for a very long time.
So, um, I don't know
what's gonna happen.
(exhales)
I don't know.
I may need a little
steam action.
The steam room, all right.
That's what I need.
Just let me know, I'll get in
whenever you're ready.
I wanna take my bathing suit
off so damn bad.
(Maya)
Oh, it's hot as (bleep).
Look at him,
look at him.
Jozea, go to the shower!
Somebody's (bleep).
So, I'm gonna see it.
(all hooting)
(Maya)
Whoa. My bad.
I was coming to pee.
Yeah, same here.
Never mind.
Angela's only been here
for five minutes
and she's already
hooking up with people.
So that's kinda... hmm!
(announcer)
Isn't that kind of like the pot
calling the kettle black?
I should've
catched 'em (bleep).
I know, I wanted to just
walk into the shower,
and be like, "What's up?
What's going on?"
Like, shake it up!
Let's see what you doing.
JD smashed Angela
in the shower
just a second ago.
Who?
Swear to God.
Who?!
JD (bleep) Angela?!
First 20 minutes!
Well, Diandra,
congratulations.
You're not the (bleep)
in the house.
I'm not the (bleep)
in the house
either way!
Congrats!
I never was the (bleep)
in the house!
I mean, you're not.
That was record-breaking.
Sis don't waste no time!
You know, I see you're
just trying to be
a messy, messy person.
And this is not
"Bad Girls Club"
We're actually here
trying to find love.
and you're (bleep) it up
for no reason.
Apparently,
you the (bleep)
of the house.
Me? Who called me
the (bleep) of the house.
I'm getting so pissed
right now.
These people are
driving me crazy,
and I just (bleep)
got here.
I wanna know who said it.
Give me a name!
(announcer)
Welcome back to live coverage
of Angela's
"Showergate" scandal.
Angela allegedly hooked up
with Maya's ex, JD,
in the shower,
and Janelle said she's guilty
of being the new (bleep)
in the house.
Apparently,
you the (bleep)
of the house.
Who, me?
Who called me
the (bleep) of the house?
What is the problem?
Who said it?
Why would you even
come here and say that?
Why? Why?
Janelle and Maya have been
super messy this entire time,
and they deserve to get
a little taste
of their own medicine.
I couldn't be happier.
Payback is a bitch.
Nurys, tell me
who said it?
Angela, you need to
calm down.
No, tell me
who said it?
Look, first of all--
Who said I'm the (bleep)
in the house, who?
Tell me!
Just give me a name!
Nobody said that!
I'm not a--
This is a dating experience.
I'm supposed to
test the waters.
I just wanna know.
I just wanna talk.
No one said that.
Now, I'm not gonna
let you get messy.
Let me talk.
Okay, Angela,
but, like, I'm letting
you know right now,
who gives
a (bleep), Angela?
Yeah, nobody.
(chuckles)
There she goes.
Oh, what?
Who said it?
Come on, Nurys.
Tell her.
Just tell me a name.
Give me a name.
Say it, Nurys.
They're walking out.
I'm the (bleep)
in the house?
That's what you call me?
It seems like it.
Oh, it seems
like it how?
How? You can bump me
all you want.
I'll you bump you,
right back.
Okay, bump me.
Okay, okay.
I just feel like there's
some (bleep) in this house.
I just point 'em out.
Don't call me a (bleep).
That's all I said.
Okay, okay.
But you didn't
(bleep) him, so it's fine.
If that's how you feel
then that's how you feel.
Okay.
Then control your man.
That's it.
(bleep) you.
Y'all already know
I'm on the third strike,
it's like prison.
If I hit anyone first,
I'm off the show.
She gotta go.
It's not my fault your man
was interested in me.
Those are facts.
You can't get my man,
bitch, even if he--
That's not what--
You gave him all the money
in your PayPal account.
That's not what he was
saying on our date.
That man does
not want you,
and I am here
to show you that.
Keep that (bleep).
Keep that same energy.
That's not what
he was saying.
Keep that same energy!
Do not hit her.
It's not worth it.
But in my mind that was like,
"Don't hit her first."
That's part of
your charm, Angela.
And he said that
he was single.
I get it, you was
liking our picks
because you was--
Don't--
(monkey screeching,
tiger roaring)
(Announcer)
Next on "Ex on the Beach,"
Janelle faces the consequences
of yet another fight
in the house.
I'm sorry.
A bear does after Cheyenne's
honey, Murray.
And a new ex arrives
to ruin America's
favorite "Ex on the Beach"
couple, Chad and Nicole.
Eww.